Don't use HOME env in the my-cnf config (#745)
prometheus/mysqld_exporter: CHANGELOG.md

BREAKING CHANGES:

> Don't prepend the `.my.cnf` file with the `HOME` environment.

Reviewer: As a user, this description is not helpful to me. Does this mean I should not use `$HOME` when specifying the flag? What happens differently when I specify some file name?

I _think_ what actually changes from a user perspective is

```suggestion
The default client configuration file is now `.my.cnf` in the process working directory. Use `--config.my-cnf="$HOME/.my.cnf"` to retain the previous default.
```
